Following the plan execution with all tickets completed, I have subsequently been going through different sections to review functionality against desired outcomes. I've made changes to admin settings layout, marking certain sections and NYI to serve as placeholders as funtionality.

There are some core areas I would like to work on to meet my end of month targets. I'd like you to review the application and the targets, and develop new tickets to achieve these Within 2-3 days of work.

In your review, if you notice any other underdeveloped areas that are not already flagged as placeholder/NYI, ask me if we should also try to work on them, remove them or mark them as NYI. Also tell me if you spot any inconsistencies.

1. Tidying up interface to reflect new spec.
  a) dashboard main header remove approve report, reports and schedule (these are managed now per retailer). check ability of report prompts page to allow editing and saving of the global prompt template that will generate the ai insights. (actual generation of insights still schedule for next month).
  b) The width of the panels that show the header contents, page contents, tab navs, etc is inconsistent through pages. I like the max width view that /dashboard has, and I'd like this consistently applied to every other page.. I would also like the SHAREVIEW by Shareight logo and logout component placed on every page that uses the black page header in the top left corner. On the retailer page, remove the retailer link button from the header and move the "create snapshot report into the "live data" heading panel (next to the date selector).
  c) retailer data (live and snapshot) needs consistency for the tabs. They all need Performance, Market Comparison and Insights, with Search Terms having 1 addition column in 2nd place for Word Analysis.
  d) we also want consistency on performance pages for their content. to simplify the current status we're not going to use page headlines right now, but instead use the following layout for each of the performance pages: Metrics (from metrics generation) but not shown in cards (as on Search Terms), but within the metrics "bar" that is seen on Categories/Products pages. Add a metrics bar for overview, and metric generation for the overview that will show these values for the currently select period: Total GMV, Total Conversion, Conversion Rate, Click Through Rate (clicks/impressions). When available, these should show trend compared to previous period of the same length. After the metrics bar, we then either have the graphs (over view only) or the performance table (all other tabs), and no other content below. Currently some pages have old content copied over from the previous site, which must be removed.


2. Report links for retailers for scheduled and manually generated reports. Currently I can generate a link that provides the retailer with access to their live data (ie http://localhost:3000/access/XvVHjQxK7U0JKXhjjBcz2O5bWp_bBwJqgeuhJ3-WgJgqf0oh45zQ4dmXZhaMXURa?periodType=month&period=2026-02). These pages should have a month selector as we do in the admin view (in the panel that has their name. so the retailer can traverse through the past periods (currently months). For retailers and admin, when changing the time period using the data selector I would like to highlight that period within the Overview graphs. SO when viewing february, the area of the graph from 1st-last (or current) day is highlighted. As the month is changed, this should update and the period for overview data should slide with the user so that up to 4 weeks ahead and at least 7 weeks behind is show. So if I change to January, it will show me 3/4 weeks of february as well as the 7 or 8 weeks prior (depending on how weeks are split over the 1st / last day of the month) so that 13 weeks are still visible and the current month is highlighted. In the future when we add quarterly or weekly periods to the data selection, there will be similar logic, so it should be flexible to allow for that.

3. Currently scheduled and manually generate snapshot reports (not live data) do not have a method to generate a link. Hitting the create snapshot report functionality needs the following: "Included sections" should allow for selection/deselection of selections (currently does not), as well as buttons that allow the user to select "Include AI insights" toggle (default off) and "AI insights require approval" toggle (greyed out if not included, default on). When viewing generated reports list page Data Status could be "Auto-approved" "Manually approved" and "Pending approval", Insights Status can be "-" if not included, Auto-approved, "Manually approved" and "Pending approval". We should add the column her for "Link". Inside the ink cell we have the options "Awaiting approval", "Activate link" button if no link exists or "Reactivate link" if existing link has expired", if link exists and has not expired we should have a Copy link button with a [X] deactivate button beside it. In the actions column, editing a snapshot report should reopen a similar modal to create snapshot, which allows for sections to be added or removed as well as the name change. If new sections are added to a report, the same approval options should appear, and after editing if there are any ai snapshots to be generated and/or sections to be approved these should be flagged accordingly. Check that we have a system for job queuing the ai snapshots. Reverse the visibility action button (normal when visible, crossed through when not visible) and before the report has full approval this button should be greyed out, default visible. Archive button should not update the "data status" column, but should add the archive button to the name of the report. There should be a toggle in the heading panel that contains "Snapshot report" to view archived, which switches to only showing archived reports.

4. Visibility settings functionality. Currently the visibilty for tabs within each section ("performance" "market comparison" "insights") is not working, but should. Making main tabs such as Overview/Search Terms etc visible is working well, so follow the same logic. If possible I'd like to also like to make the metrics and performance visibility settings functional too. These settings should apply to the retailer's view of live data as well as form the default settings for snapshot generation (manual and scheduled), but do not need to be retroactively applied to existing snapshot reports. When users want to modify visibility of old snapshots, they should have to regenerate previous reports if they want to do that (which will follow the new settings).

5. Functionality of the Search Term exclusions. This should function and allow a list of words/strings that will be used to filter the search term data. It should prevent any search term that contain these strings (normalised) from appearing in live data performance, and make sure that data regarding those search terms are not included in the AI insight generation. Rather than "add" the button to accept new/edits should be "Save" - the box can have all current exlusions in it and it shoudl detect when an entry is edited, removed or added.